British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 3: Food, Shopping and Simple Requests.
Lesson 5: Food, Shopping and Simple Requests: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a speaking task about personal information.
Today you will practise language connected to personal information.
Target language: be: am/is/are.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for food, shopping and simple requests. You will learn useful language connected to personal information and practise be: am/is/are. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.